We've got that extra license in June to call me as
A mistake. Yeah.
I'd have to type in my participant ID.
If I will call you on your
Journey to me.
Sometimes
Get that whole string. And so like I can call that from jabber Ryan will do that. But I don't have a headset. And so I just use my phone right
So in jabber jabber controls my phone and so dials and everything. Everything's good. But because I'm essentially dialing in to the meeting as well as setting up, it needs to tie me to the bone, and it means that participant ID for
Versus if I can have it. Call me at my phone. Then he knows
Dark Johnny. No such luck.
And by the
Air. He probably has to say.
About that clock is wired it like that o'clock.
And
You
Know there's the room. You walk in, admin to the right. That's where houses all the equipment for the dead is that time mechanism. I didn't copy or think so and the local
Area, you can play the tune for play on
You can do some interesting things.
Like chopsticks are
Going to get into
It, man.
If there for me out tomorrow.
Will be able to
Now that you're here with me.
Go ahead.
No, it doesn't have to get detected
This one stolen subcommittee. So get some companies tried to me yesterday to look for a demo that Dr. Criteria waiting against so for being scheduled
Still getting
Oh, we did make progress on this. So last time the blocker was getting through the drop classes.
Something and noticed the way it was coated but we wound up having to use the API into
Banner, so that we can do the drop classes and we got that working. So we've got full end in thread add drop classes and now we're just doing building variations on it.
To create the load test and then we'll need to figure out the environment to run the real load test against ideally, that would be proud, but who knows what it'll
Probably in the next for the next two weeks, we have this one done
Live to the owners are on the faculty staff noise. Also I want us to look at that link is Teddy's
Is this something that we could do Lucretia maybe
He's pulling it out.
That a trick question.
So basically they if you scroll down a bit. They have this on their website where they basically let their users know that this is the current operating system that is Aster
Current version. And then, you know, this is end of life by this date, and then we are going to push push this out to the campus by this date so if
If we could also do something like this. Then we probably won't have to worry about communication. Every time you're doing a voice upgrade. So I thought this was pretty neat. And we could probably do this.
Yeah, I like it.
Yeah, it would just
Being kind of integrating it into
Yeah.
Yeah, we can. Okay, so I wrote something up and I spoke to Jordan and he told me to send it to Natalie, I'll do that. And then he said it triggers something out.
Yeah, I figured. Like I told her being dot CMS, they should be able to put something together and we
Can have someone that every time a new release. They come up and adjust that we do the text version of it.
About the approach of it so
You want to look at the list and
FMS. Oh, yes.
You
Click on the left of a
Yes, on all open and then double click on the line between entities. Yeah. So is that ok Acacia there'd be
A call one day or the owner name.
Some of them I couldn't find from the script. So we looked at MCA IMDB. And then there for some Evernote records in CMT we do
Whatever we could find. We put in their
Username
For some, not for all for some degree and finally username.
It's best to have username.
But if if a name is all you can
Do
From the script I did use the name, last name, but from CNBC Forbes, and the name so
I can try it on in the script from the name and find out the username. I can try doing that. Yeah, like this one, DJ
did not hear that
That is covered
So the, the two things that she's talking about.
Right, we're going to upgrade all of these and then we'll be going to
campus wide at some point but
In kind of
A REALIST very soon we're going to get to a place to where
We just suppress a feature update for 30 days and then we let it go live. We're not going to be trying to package an operating system and deploy it, and all that, because we're going to be able to keep up with it. There's no way so
The last time we did this and this time we do, we're doing it is really just testing out the upgrade process.
By taking the epics from Microsoft and pushing it out.
in place upgrade.
After two cycles is doing that.
1607 to 1709 and from 1709 to 1809 and if we don't have very many problems. I'm probably going to push very hard that
We start doing
A probably they'll do it different than Texas state but you know there's Texas State doesn't even point to watch the state point directly to Microsoft and and let the machines. Just do as they will
Ours is going to be more of a
We will allow
The updates to come into us as well. Just suspend it from going to campus.
Maybe send a communication at the very beginning, while we're transitioning to people understanding this sheet hey feature update this comment.
You know, a 30 day date later and we let it go.
It's just, it's
I think Mark can attest to this from a lot of perspectives, because he runs into it to the Omm. The projects. The poem here in there.
Give you hardly any time to put a lot into these upgrades and then you feel like you're being rushed and you feel like you know you could one little hiccup. And you could really cause some damage so
If there's a mechanism in place for us to be able to do that more automated fashion by using the the tools that are in place to do that instead of trying to reinvent the wheel. I think it's best to start with in that direction.
So this field over here 14 393 that's the operating system version better
I'm sorry, looking like an orange tag me is only good yeah move towards that you see for Sandra for that's going to be your Panasonic notebooks that they're not enhance the Panasonic ones. These are just faculty stuff that they're using
Then I have a bigger problem because Christopher shouldn't be in charge. Very machine it up. That is what he found from the IMDB. I, I could not even think those devices are get the information. So those are the ones that they got same day, we
should all be updating HP Compaq at 200 elite SF a PC or should we just tell them no. You got to get a bumpy so
If I think we're replacing the HP one when they are reaching the CRP cycle. So I don't have reached that point yet those things are at this point. Pretty sure they're quite old. I mean, I saw 780s in there. So, can be for therapy session.
Still having to do a wall where we go after it. Another way to go and replace all the machines right i mean
Because you may want to break it with a newer version of this stuff that causes greater problem. Unfortunately, we don't have any say in that process whatsoever.
We were talking, we are allowed to upgrade the operating system, the actual machine. We're allowed to make the I can make recommendations, hey, this machine doesn't have enough ramp didn't have on a hard drive space to be able to take this this upgrade and then
You know the tech shop would go and put more RAM in or
On
Yeah, I don't know that.
Again, none of these
Have a problem with it because they all have Windows 10 already
And doing a feature upgrade.
To these machines. The chain.
So,
I don't know what it was when I had talked to Melissa, she had said something about what that date was that they were going to replace they weren't going to actively get rid of HP
until they reach their life cycle. And I don't know if that time if they were doing it. I think there was some talks of say at 200 we're on our five year plan that we used to do or whatever.
And now we're on a four year plan. Those HP where she was still going to make them follow the five year plan before to replace them. And I don't know if that's still the case or not. I just know yeah we're trying to
Move over 500 behind on
That spreadsheet that we have had planned.
On
A cloud we was able to do with all this and and the good
And the good thing that's going to help you always she will have the 1809 desktop here shortly ready to go to production. So
I don't like doing a massive upgrade to campus. We don't have that image in production.
Because what you end up seeing is we upgrade everything out there. And then if y'all go and replace the machine you're going to put 1709 image on it, then it's going to have to update and it's just longer time in your shop. So we are currently we currently
Have tested. Yes.
And we will be testing the lab imagery pretty quick.
The I will have you want to do with
bank teller.
Traditionally,
Someone went over there and thumb drive because when we start doing
The pipe we kill their network. We found it out last time doing a software application and the songs we hammered the phones because you'll remember yeah we killed the whole network.
And so historically what we've done is one is we we pull that group out BP BP and then we work with the tech shop, who we can go over there and thumb drive and upgrade to them.
Or you can actually go over there. We can make it available and software center and you can run it, but it's it's a it's a few at a time. So, two or three did today two or three tomorrow. We can't do a I wanted like we would anything I already found out
Was that I already completed our. What do you mean the first hundred that I had upgraded light bank our building.
234 those who are already upgraded. Yes. Out of those I
And I remember that they show up successful in SEC, you know, we can we go ahead than where it has the build number because that doesn't mean a lot to everyone here okay if there's
If it has a build number that ninja to been upgraded. You want me to even highlight that. Okay, so I can see these have already been done. Okay. I do that.
Okay.
Nevermind.
Over there.
No every day, small numbers so
What we're going to run into that problem is when we go to do the campus.
There's quite a few machines over there.
That will be moved, almost ready to close. Okay, then I'll
Just make sure the documentation is kind of equals one.
Oh no, has the final registry DPI checked in the
Period mentioned last week that one of that. So that's been run into the problem were too small.
Who are now the registry DPI track. Yeah, so
We've actually talked with Aramark, and we talked with the tech shop and we actually physically went out there and it was they were only experiencing that problem over
My
Over at NGO at Starbucks. The other locations were not. I don't want to to run something across all of them.
For fear of if it's working fine for them and they're not experienced that problem with finances can be it can change the way that the I feel like they would complain. We've given the tech shop, the ability, which I think
You saw them on. If you do run into that this is all you got to do so they can be reacted if they have to. But we have that was literally the only person that's complained about it all, we've even seen it.
Glad to help
You, but how many are you getting. I mean, this is there any sense of progress progress is
So change will push the same love this past week. She's her emotions.
So now the next step is we get to test to the
Things that were no need to
Change some
Saturday morning to test this out. This next time we do it. I need other people to assist in the testing applications.
Because while systems knows. Many of the applications. We don't know all of them. And so if there's something else that this is breaking that, you know, was previously noted during the day, because I know Cisco finance. I don't even know what it is.
We need somebody to test this stuff. So we because the plan right now is take us down again in December for a prolonged period of time and you know
We don't want to have bigger problems that occur during that time. Additionally, this server could crash anytime, which means that anything that's currently broken by this
Is going to be broken by this. And so, you know, our plan right now is to go ahead and schedule another evening or early morning
soiree into this activity and try and
Find out if we're good or not and
Hopefully we are good again I you know there's there's things about this. I couldn't tell you what what all
Issues that may occur this because, you know, we don't use all these applications. So
Now our request is we're going to have other people here probably
Networking service desk.
We're still waiting on
Marker to
Still work on that.
Search request.
To the
Let me check the tip. It's just the simple like all the
Address on the coding
Best form, but had a note.
For last week that 668 was when we reopen yeah I tried. I couldn't record. It was resolved, and I wanted to ask, do I open problematic.
Or can you circle okay i i'd rather have somebody in the next five and 668 for me. Okay.
Perfect.
52 more
Okay.
That works. So I'm working with them. We were trying to kind of talked about it in the device project.
That we want to basically recreate
All and turn off off on file sinking.
And
Nobody you know redirection and then put some testers in that in that oh you in that group and start testing it out. Do not know we have that
You know,
I'm working Monday when I am tough for that. So once we we can get that up and running will be soliciting folks to put into that, so they can test it, that it should. It should behave
Very similar to the way your man's laptop behaves now with a couple of exceptions. One, you won't have the offline thinking situation going on and then you won't have the redirection so your desktop and things like that.
They're not going to
follow you around, they're not going to be saved in the traditional sense that they are now.
And if, as you're testing it. I would move the testers and like at the service desk, especially
to notate those kind of things because there's probably going to have to be something that if we move forward with this.
That we will have to walk clients through because you're going to probably we can send a communication that are still going to Paul would call him I would have to walk them through how this is done. I
Don't know if that's the route that we're going. I just know that we're testing it right now because
Client Side sneaking with high availability on the server side is just not a good combo.
offline files is not a good strategy, considering it's so old and outdated.
And we really don't know that we have something out there right now, other than Work Folders with the thought was, we're trying to give them the same experience that they would have here, right.
As best we can with the experience here is if I take your network cable out and use network connectivity, you know, all have access to your FTP, Dr.
Well, that's the same thing that we're about to be testing if you're on the network direct access kicks in. You got access S and T. You're on the network. Everything's golden
If you have no network connectivity, you're still working on a laptop, you can still do everything that you normally would do on a laptop create document, so on and so forth. But you won't be able to access SMP resources.
Seems to be pretty standard across the board and other educational institutions and in the corporate world or they use some
Always on VPN type technology that they're using other than direct access for some of these things. But as far as the offline file.
Stuff. Very few people have any even use that technology anymore. So I have a quick question. If they haven't unmanaged
Date they anyways, do not have access to it as Dr. They do not have access to do that. They have an unmanaged the user my access VPN to get access to this and teacher
You have redistributing and so Jesse account to login. Right. Yes. Yes. So they don't have access to that. So that is what I'm saying.
And they also do not have access to them. My Documents or anything. So when they and because we have a large number of unmanaged laptops. Right. So I want to know, how are they actually like thinking their files or anything around. Are they just using one guy or they don't care about it.
Because you guys are happy with that. And when we're moving them to this solution, they're not happy with it right so if if you're just getting rid of it and
They are seeing no change, then we can just go ahead with it without trying to cause problems for ourselves drivers are actually not true, they're not happy with the solution because through direct access on a slow connection. It's noticeably different than
Not being on direct access
So is this the speed to be able to access resources and the speed to be able to do things that you're right. So we've just gotten to in this week where
Network connection at home isn't great, but there's one that the husband and wife, and one has an advantage in one
Need a network and one of them can't. Why can't do anything. And we're never going to overcome that, will it help if we get rid of
Offline will. I mean, we know that they're having the essence G drive access stuff that we're running into and accessing those files and sinking and cache getting corrupted and all that. Yes.
The speed at which it operates through direct access. No, that's just how it is. Right. If you have a slow connection direct access is going to be slower than you just being on your network, right.
And then piping that with going through a slow connection at home is just augments the problem.
I would be willing to bet you that if that person on that unmanaged laptop uses SSL VPN, and he has a crappy network connection at home, he'll experience s AMP T drive access about the same. So they're not she's not. She's just worried about
But I'll load again versus the tongue. Yeah, you can mitigate that by going to mail. Yeah. Yeah. And that would reverse the tunnel. Yeah. And that, I think it's we so honestly
We were in testing and theory we moved it into a post implementation testing phase and then these things.
decided it was production because we started doing up D, we started doing these people, things started getting flown out
All of these vetting type thing where we inform the client never got a chance to happen. So if you give them a managed laptop and you tell them, hey, you can use Outlook. It's going to be slower because of the tunnel.
If you don't want that go to mail that is a church issue and you have that problem. We really never had a chance to do that. And so
I will say that
You know, managed apps and systems.
Continuously bulk that of keep pounding these out there and then you know you gotta go with your lead and my lead was that we need to start doing these things and we never really you know we we got to a point where an initial deliverable was
High Availability well because of resources and things like that that was moved out of a deliverable. So we don't have high deliverable of this service and so
If there's work that needs to be done on this for it to be something that our clients are gonna like
In my opinion, yeah.
But
What what I think the overall concern was is we never kept track of unmanaged things we put out there.
So we don't know how many of those we put out there. If we were to continue down that route to continue to do that, in turn, while this all gets figured out there would have to be better tracking mechanisms on that because
I'm asked how many of those machines out there and manage that I can move to manage and
I could flip the quarter and thing again. I haven't been on it. Yes, so
Direction. We're going is just some type of a managed device.
Some of these testing will do will get us a better idea of how we're going to move forward with that. And then it's a communication at that time when we handle mouth. Maybe it's a document that tells them.
These are things that you need to expect with this device. And this is how you overcome those at those deals
Working
I do
I understand. I read the resolution, I read everything their process were followed it was sound. Nothing would have been done differently.
I think we need to not be so quick. We got to someone said something about this and we're scared, things are going to happen. So we see something that we just immediately disabled.
Because like I said, we did something like this once before and we basically made everybody's computer on campus for about three hours unusable. Because we killed explored it
Because someone said there's a process that can overrun explored it exceeded while they saw it. So they went campus wide. I think we need to
Do a little bit more diligence than just prematurely pulling the trigger on things like this.
I think it is prematurely poetry and that's why the hypocrisy. I think Santa Claus really pull a trigger or why don't we, why don't we do some testing. Why don't we think about this, why don't we do this before that.
Same thing in these situations. Let's go lose, lose situation to the one of the gentlemen like you know brainstorm where by themed and we'd be having a different conversation we should pull the trigger faster. So, yeah.
Which is
Yeah.
I'd rather go this way. Yeah.
Get him. What is happening with some of the ransomware stuff reading some of those articles about
Whatever the
Interim provider kind of thing, whereas dentist. Another they go to them for their stuff that's where the rents. Where's my understanding in this
Was that something came in and then they reacted without even really looking at what that file was or what it affected because they immediately called us and said, What is this
I said that's Google that's Chrome. Well, going remembering what price at last week. And what I think the processes are
There.
They're operating on a little more of a high wire than, say,
I think this is what I was trained on more of a high wire than say you are a
Reason.
Why, because the security implications are they getting whatever your security implications and everything without
The
sound cues. But, I mean, I don't want to be gone and what what i heard in here is we would rather be more restrictive and and apologize for that doing due diligence. If I do that.
I get hammered for it. And my job is to secure these workstations, because they don't do anything other than fire and
Anytime something comes out. They tell me I want this push right now if I push this app out there are this update and it wasn't properly tested and it breaks it
The explaining is not as explained to the customer. Is it me explaining to my boss why broken on campus. So what I remember him saying was, this wasn't an immediate thing they did research it for 20 to 30 minutes
And at that point, they weren't able to find anything that said, hey, this is okay and rather than be sorry. They blocked it.
And then it was blocked for 15 to 20 minutes and then unblocked when they finally found out what the problem was.
Okay, and one more point is, is this is not the first time and this one happened to be a small, the last time that I remember them doing this. It was ours and it affected the entire campus. So what I would suggest
Stephen is not here more anybody from his areas. How about we table this and bring it back up.
let him answer for asking to listen to the record. Yeah, for in this part, yes. And then be here next week to talk
What I remember from last week was he said that the file details that they get an app was not populated completely
And they were treating it as ransomware until they got more details. That is why they blocked it. If they're known from earlier on, that it was a Chrome executable. Then they wouldn't have that was what I said.
I mean, you bring up good points are discussing.
Please getting aired out
I don't know what the solution will be, but I think
If we detect something and we can't find anything that is explicitly telling us that it's something I think it's premature to block it.
If you don't, if you don't really know what you're blocking you don't have any idea what the impact is going to be
20 or 30 minutes was probably a knee jerk reaction, in my opinion, I don't think that's enough. Now something hit across the wire and everyone was talking about it everywhere. And there's there's major thing going on. Yeah, sometimes you have to do that. But I don't think that was this case.
Alright, this one I for sure. I forgot to think about it that he got offended. He didn't pick up on the fact that the notification that
I will
Let me
Get this document and close out
And that leaves the new ones. Last week SPF yes able to touch base with Casey. He did some more identification of some other sites IPS sent out, but I haven't been able to talk with friends tour barks Winky about it.
So with this list, Mark, do is update that as
Well, a Gore and we're going to run into problems on a lot of these because they. There are so many addresses that they utilize
We're gonna need to split them into a sub domain. And that's going to take some more because we're gonna have to get them and start sending from this sub domain probably set a call from address on it, it's going to take. Hold on.
That's literally just a list of everything.
Please progress.
That is the end of our lives.
Anybody who was it 668 yes it's really awesome. Thank you so much.
On that list, just to give you an update on that exclusion list for the stuff that still had Jerry on it. We were able to remove
TISA spanner server because it was for revisions and they supposedly fix that. So we remove that we were able to remove it from
All of the machines at Ray's life maintenance. They were in that exclusion group, and there was only two of them that actually need it because they remote into them. So we removed it from all the
About total of 12 machines there. It looks like the rest of them that are there have something to do with
Atomic so I'll have to be visiting the girl again.
One deal for the for the library one machine or the library and then
There are a couple machines out there for the Allen press
But if atomic something can be done there. You're talking about five, six machines.
On campus. I think I feel confident and going and asking for, you know, $200 annually to keep those Java licenses up versus 30
So we reached out to them. We figured it all out. I got a spreadsheet, as we're removing them. I will be attaching it now that this problem records back up will attach that spreadsheet to here and we will, you know,
Remove it and put it up there and remove it and put it up there as it's updated, but we're getting close to mitigating that
So I could be wrong, but I think Mike
made some changes in the back end for the devil atomic but he's not using Rocco Java and he configured for a dog felt that was the case. Yeah, I thought
I didn't do element, but do not have a production is a good point. We need to check
Because that's the bars. I know the only people that have to have this is Enterprise Services, folks. It's nobody else. So if y'all have something in place, let us know and we will get rid of it on those machines.
Thank you.
Anything else
Like to run
Total the spreadsheet to attach it to your
Part. Yeah. Having highlight on the right hand side it either said pending says remember she makes your hands that updated before sit up there.